There is a ghost who lives in Harmontown
From just for last 42 in Toronto, Ontario
I'm very, very, very honoured to say that Harmontown is now officially in session
Spencer Crittenden, everybody
Oh, yeah
I hope you saw his histogram today of him in his underwear in his hotel room
Because I have been pleasuring myself to that all afternoon
Let's hear from the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon
There is a ghost who lives in Harmontown
Deserved, deserved, earned
Earned every ounce of it, earned it
Thank you
I believe you
These are some Harmon star... Where'd he go?
These are some Harmon star motherfuckers, is what I was going to say
Thank you, Toronto
Where's Phillip, the guy that ran me down on the street walking here? Phillip, are you here?
Hello
I had dinner at a little small Italian joint in a kind of industrial underlit kind of wasteland area across the highway here
And a dude just came running up and slapped me on the shoulders
And as far as I was concerned, that was the last thing that was going to happen in my life
I don't think they understand
They're not aliens here, but they definitely don't
A guy, Howard, that was interviewing me for advice today, quoted Tom Sharpling, which I'll now try to re-quote thereby
I'll paraphrase and fuck up his quote, but something akin to Toronto is New York with the upper 10% and the bottom 5% cutoff
So it's like a middle-class Valhalla
Which makes for terrible customer service
Because you guys don't have that terror, there's no King's Landing
There's no Lannister that will always pay his debts
So why would two oat farmers take less than an hour giving each other oat?
There's a slight air of go fuck yourself
To the extent that you drag in a very American sense of entitlement, which I didn't know I had until I came to Toronto
The service here is Canadian, all of Canada has Canadian service
We're used to like, bring me my, I said butter, like five minutes ago
But in Montreal it's kind of like, it's a little more laid back, you're like, oh maybe they're just sleepy
They're just pretending to be...
Toronto, they're getting shit done, they're just like, no, for real, go fuck yourself
I have it on my day planner, go fuck yourself between 11 and 3
I do have stuff to do, I'm fully awake, I'm on wheat grass and I just flew a kite
I was at the hockey museum for breakfast, I'm doing things, I'm meeting people
The hockey museum breakfast is one of the best breakfasts in Ontario
It's just Toronto being obnoxious about how good their food is
They're like, come to the hockey museum, it's better than anything you've ever eaten
They put pee meal on everything
They probably have good coleslaw at strip clubs here
I've eaten, I'm going to puke delicious food all over everyone in a second
If I don't, it's only because...
Oh yeah, Dan was asking, Dan had a little tummy trouble, does anyone have chums here?
Is that weird to ask the audience for chums?
I said, if the Harmontown audience doesn't have chums, then no audience has chums
Yeah, there's someone on the front
Second row?
Oh, someone's running
Right, okay
Oh no
Oh
Wow, wait, are you from America?
This is Canadian tongue, also it's in French, so it's...
Le tube?
Okay, calcium and acid
Yeah, I'll just, this will get me going just fine
I'll do a stage dive and a wrap and we're done
We're talking about my...
You want to keep us on stage or hand them back to this guy?
Stole this guy's shit
Also, I'm not throwing them
That's a very large order of antacid to bring to a shop
That's the full bottle
Would you care to come up and explain why you have so many?
And here's yours
I'm sure here, I take them
You're more honored to think that I have them with me
Than to have them back and be like
Hello?
How are you doing?
Grab a mic from behind there
Here, grab one of those, they're wireless
Hey, how are you doing?
Oh, hi
What's your name?
Jeff
Jeff, why so many chums?
Probably propensity for red wine
Oh, so just...
Just eat too much...
Tanic acid and fried bullshit
I mean, you left your house with a safe
I mean, you don't know what's going to happen during your day
I know what's not going to happen
You're not going to have that much acid in your body
Between now and 2020
You're also not going to walk through a limousine like a Mentos commercial
And get laid afterwards
You were wearing jeans and a shirt
Was that in your pocket or did you carry that around?
It was like a...
No, yeah, I feel like a kid with me whenever I need to
Satchel?
I do, yeah
Okay, you came with a...
A Canadian satchel?
That's right
Yeah
All writers in LA could move up to Canada and we'd blend right in
Absolutely, yeah
The satchel, guys
Well, you're up here, what do you do?
Let's plug your album
Your soundcloud
I don't currently have one
But no, I'm a promo producer for the Comedy Network
That's how you got those good seats and why you need all that antacid
You would think so, but...
The brutal Canadian TV industry
Where everyone's such an asshole at throwing their apologies across the room at each other
Alright, well, I already forgot your name
Jeff
How could you forget?
Right?
You have your own
That's why I take it for granted
Would you agree with me on this? We have the most boring name in the world, don't we?
Jeff is boring
For the most part, but mine's a G, Jeff
So I get people angry at me every time they try to write it
Actually, who cares, never mind
Yeah, but that's at least a little more interesting
That's more of the British Commonwealth
Yeah
The British G there, eh?
Jimmy Pardo once kicked me off the stage for having a G in my name
Jimmy Pardo?
Yeah
He was in town doing a show
He spells his name with G, too
G...
Jimmy Pardo?
It looks like Jimmy Pardo
I think it's so amazing how loyal you guys are to kids in the hall
There's still that picture of Scott Thompson doing...
Every bar has a picture of Scott Thompson doing that old lady character on the wall
With the tiara and the dress
Oh, that's your queen
Queen buddy
This is what I was getting at, someone shouted out
But you guys are so friendly
You're like, three applause breaks into that dumb joke
Because you're like, yes, we do support our local...
We are wonderful
We are in the Queen Elizabeth Theater as we stand
And I just called her a dude
Is she with us?
She just turned 140 the other day
Did she have a successor?
Are you guys still doing the royalty thing?
She has a son that she is going to see to it
She will die before he ever gets near the throne
Or she won't die, actually, I guess
She'll have him destroyed
Prince Charles will never...
Prince Charles is old as two kings got stacked together
And she's like, nope, crown his mind, you will never get it
It's so confusing, it's the same names as the British people
But you guys are...
How are you supposed to tell her?
Wait, yes, that's right, go on
They're Canadian Queen, it's like...
She looks just like the British Queen
And now I'm learning she has a prince, the same name as the...
The English one that we still have some level of allegiance to
We put her on the money
They're a sovereign nation here in Canada
But they still have some weird Commonwealth affection
With the United Kingdom
Governor General and stuff
And the Lieutenant General that answers to her
But doesn't actually, but does, but doesn't
Gonna get corrected all sorts of times
Well, five years ago we would have been all a judge
We're gonna have had all kinds of fun to poke at
How you run the things everywhere
Just...
You know that Justin Trudeau
The creator of Bloom County
Wait, no, I'm sorry
It's very...
Even my joke is ill-informed
Creators, deep balance
I had to wickipedia my dumb joke
No, Burke breathed
Anyways, what about Trudeau?
Jeff, what you don't know is that Dan
Before he travels to another country
He does intensive research
I looked at a map and I was like
Oh, I will entertain them by saying
Toronto is Canada's tea bag
Because it kind of dips into us
The Dick Halo move
When you look at the map, it's the...
It's your balls, like, dipping into our...
Into our...
Into our fresh water
It's a lot of land mass
It's their water
Oh, my God
Oh, Canada
I love how sci-fi this is
It's our water, they're yelling
It's our water
Two men enter, one man leaves
Let them give the people the air
Let's hear it for Anastasia Jeff, everybody
Anastasia Jeff
Anastasia Jeff, here, take your...
See for the tunes
It's a lot of... It's a lot of times, Jeff
Boy, who's sitting next to that guy?
That was a... That was a classic...
Well, this is white male
Centric thinking
That was a classic Torontonian
I'm sure the face of the modern Toronto is...
You know, would be offended by me
Implying that with my...
But I'm like, that's a Torontonian, like, clip art image
Is Jeff, he was...
He had like a flannel shirt, basically
But it was like modern, like it was like...
I gotta say...
It's like a vestige, like it's like a Marvel...
Marvel did like a new Toronto series
Like, it's like...
His character in the 40s was a lumberjack
That threw hologram axes
But now he's just like a dude
He takes selfies and...
But he still has...
He still had to incorporate the flannel into the...
But now he runs a comedy network
And it's not... It's not doing well in his tum tum
Alright, we should check in with Spencer
No, no, no, thank you, thank you
No need for any of that
I was worried I wouldn't have anything to talk about
But they're so nice, they just go like
I like hot dogs and they're like, yay!
And it's like, this show's in the bag
But talk to us about Toronto
Give us some impressions
Oh man, okay
I don't know, I got here, I took a lift
No, I took an Uber over here
And there's this driveway outside
And I wanted the guy to pull into the driveway
But he stopped just on the street
And when he stopped just on the street
Someone got into the car
A woman
And this is a weird thing that happens
Sometimes you hail Ubers
Or sometimes someone thinks they're the Uber
And they're not or whatever
This stuff happens
But she got in the car and I was like
I saw his phone, it didn't pick anyone else up
I don't think you hailed anyone, right?
And the taxi guy's like, no
No, I did not
And I was like, yeah
And the woman just, I don't know
She said something, but I couldn't really understand her
So it was great
And then I was like, did you hail an Uber?
Did you call for an Uber?
And she was like, no
You said she said something like
It's fun to make friends
When she entered the car
She opened the door and getting into the car
She was like, it's great to make new friends
Yeah, and I believe
What we're piecing together here is like
To put an agenda
Are you sure she wasn't like a sex worker?
I'm pretty sure
I haven't done my research, but I think it's like
You cut off the top 10% of New York
The bottom 95% of the guns
I think, because otherwise
Why would people behave this way?
Like we come from a land of high anxiety
Like where every conversation could be your last
And they're just a little more
I'm gonna bound up to you
But isn't Toronto, I heard from a driver coming in
That Toronto violence is kind of on the upswing here
You can do it
Isn't it traditionally though
Has it been renowned as a pretty crime-free place?
This is the Niagara Falls place, right?
This is the place we share Niagara Falls with
Half our water
No
I mean, if you go to Niagara Falls
The fun side is the Canadian side
Although, that burger came with the big Frankenstein on top
That's fucked up
You guys could class it up a little bit
The hotels look like 70s porn hotels
Like put a nice hotel in
Jesus, the most beautiful vista in the world
And the hotel is skeevy as shit
You could also be a little less diligent with the shot thing
Like the measurements of the shots
If someone orders a vodka on the rocks
You're allowed to just eyeball it
But maybe you've cleaned it all up
I mean, maybe your way is the best way
Is that a British Commonwealth thing?
Because in the UK, same thing
You get that dram
Well, we had this argument in text
It's technically an everywhere thing
But only in airports and in Toronto
Are they so exacting
And just like uncompromising
Like they never let up
Just like, I've tipped you a thousand dollars
Like, I'm buying you a chalet
Like, will you let capitalism
Into your cold black communist heart
And fucking overpour?
I want to enslave you
You're working for me, not your owner
I'm taking you from him, poor old bunch
You'll make more money
They don't get it
They don't know how happy they'll be
If they just go down our path
But also, somehow there's still
A load of alcoholics in Canada
How do you guys do it here?
Do you have to be wealthy or just drink beer?
Practice!
I think it's because it's just so
It's so geometric for them
It's more efficient
They're just like, I've calculated exactly
How drunk I'm going to get
I don't know, because I have to do this thing
I don't want to draw attention to myself
I pointed at a...
After a while of going, can I have a double?
Or at a triple?
Like, this is silly
I should be able to tell the difference
Between what I ordered and the melted ice
Oh, shit
Meanwhile, again, a gentleman...
Canadian vodka
Canadian vodka is being delivered to the stage
Hooray!
Thank you
I hope he brought it up for 1,250 people
Oh, wait, look at this
What is going on here?
He hates Dijon mustard, this guy
What is happening?
Oh, there's a tie
This I love
This is going on right away
Oh, shit
Is this 43?
I don't know what that means
This tie is for a baby
That is the precise unit of tie
That you are allowed when you order a tie
I guess...
With the exchange rate
This is how long a Canadian tie is
This is never going to fucking work
This is going to be a...
Thank you so much
I'll be here soon
I'll be here one election from now
My little baby tie
Why don't we bring out our good friends
that were already here
I know them from friendship
and stuff and their podcast, The Indoor Kids
But you and the rest of the world
just know them from all over
They're now wrapping up their hit show
The Meltdown
They...
I don't have to introduce them
Okay
Hello
If someone else joins us, I'll give them my stool
I brought a chair because I'm wearing a short skirt
and these tall stools are not...
No, no, no, no
But thank you
So I brought a chair
Hey Emily, I was here earlier
I loved your hour set before we came on
I did a great job, didn't I?
I did some of my new stuff
A lot of ethnic material
Camille, you were just out here doing an hour long show?
Yeah
Was anyone at that show?
Oh wow
Is the Adderall flowing freely here?
Is that how you guys have this energy?
Toss them this way
It's all the poutine
It's like socialized medicine
and everyone has ADD
It's really crazy
I was doing my show
and I'm a grown up
and I am a grown up
and I found out one of my cousins was in the audience
and it really freaked me out
I'm picturing like your hot female cousin
which is played by you and a wig
Yeah, same beard
I'm always picturing that by the way
I'm always picturing you and a wig
Like when the gremlin wears a wig
A lady gremlin
Like that, but for me
Chumalia
Actually, Camille
sounds kind of like a female name
even where I'm from
Come on, get out
Camille is a female name
and Camille
K-U-M-A-L
K-A-M-A
Nonsense
That's so racist
Since we're being racist, can I ask you
I won't have this chance
because I swear I don't
I can't even go and make an ass of myself
but I swear
This is a safe space
It's a safe space for racism
I know this is going to sound
like a bit
I know that I'm stupid and I know
I'm just committing to my midwestern
I don't understand
Buddy, just ask
My Uber driver
Fuck you
I
It's perfect
It's the modern who's on first
I think that, yeah
The answer is no
Hassan first
His name is Muhammad
It's a common name, Muhammad
There's a bunch of people named Muhammad
Are you telling me or asking me
Well, you could correct me if I'm wrong
It's not a unique name
It's not like a crazy name
It's like John or something
It's very common
Correct
When we talk about the whole
Oh, you made a cartoon
We had a thing called Graven Image
and all this stuff
Why can his name be Muhammad
If it's like that
That actually is a good question
If his name is Muhammad
If he's born with the exact face
of Prophet Muhammad
Then that's a horrible crime
Or the face
that Trey Parker and Matt Stone
would have drawn
That's also bad
Yeah, if it's fully 2D
But I guess that's the
Asperger part of my question
How do we know that's the whole point
I would think the whole point against
The
depiction thing would be
That's not supposed to be known
That's not supposed to be defiled
With
Depictions and things and mimicry
And so why
But then a human being
But I guess that's the same you see
Everybody named Jesus
It's like, whoa, your mom's like super Catholic
But my mom would slap me
If I dropped a dish and said Jesus
But you name your kid Jesus
But the difference is
You can draw Jesus and be fine
That's true
Do you want to draw Muhammad right now
See
I don't think so
That's an interesting point
And I've never thought about it
Why are people allowed to be called Muhammad
But then you're not allowed to draw his face
And also when you're drawing his face
How do you know exactly
What that guy looks like
Because every Muslim is
Born a priori
With the knowledge of Muhammad's face
In their head
And we can all compare it
But you can't explain it to white people
We can't explain it
But if someone draws a picture of Muhammad
We look and we're like that's not close enough
You're fine
So you're punished for being
A really good caricaturist
You can do a caricature
Just don't be photorealistic
I couldn't do Muhammad like right
In a skateboard and like
That's what I want to surfboard in one arm
But you can only do it if his head
Is at least the size of his body
If the proportions are
Biologically accurate
You're fucked
Walter Lance explains this
Do you think that kids born
Named Muhammad
Feel like an extra sense of duty
To be like more good
I mean it's a hell
Of a thing to have to live up to
What if your name is Muhammad
You're a young Muslim
You're a kid and you go to Disneyland
And you get a caricature and like
My name is Muhammad
These are the questions
That are going to get us killed before
Before we're done
What price?
$15
Wow
Or is that a xenophobic thing to say
These are questions that are going to get us killed
That's contributing to a syndrome
I think we've done more things that would get us killed
Disagree
Hard disagree
Like nice Lutheran girls named Mary
Don't feel compelled to either be a virgin
Or fuck God
They don't feel any extra pressure
I don't think
That's true
And I've never talked to anybody named Jesus
About whether or not they feel an extra mantle
Of growing out their hair
Or wearing a lot of robes
Alright
Well that concludes my Islamic questions
You don't have any more?
That was it?
Oh I'm sorry
I have an unquenchable empty
Chalice
I'm in an open book right now
I won't tell you more secrets
What's your feeling?
I do have one
Do you have the equivalent of a bar mitzvah?
Oh
I'm saying you, he was raised Muslim
He's not your personal private business
Whether you're secular or whatever
But you were raised in a
We don't have a ceremony like that
Where you go from being a kid to an adult
That's like, we don't have that
Christians have confirmation
Then you have the bar mitzvah
That's 13, the bat mitzvah
Which I'm told is pronounced bat mitzvah
Yeah it's bat mitzvah
It's Bruce Wein
Later
What am I leaving out?
Bruce Weinstein
I think Wiccans have a thing
When you turn 13
It's called the twisted root
Of Hades
Well I also feel like, that's a fun one
I've been to one of those
I feel like women have, naturally have
Menarch
That's like a very obvious
Before and after
That I don't think we celebrate enough, we should
I was pandering a little bit
But it's okay
But boys, we don't have
An equivalent of that
Because most Christians don't
A lot of Christians I know don't have confirmation
I think boys need a boys to mend
I think they need like a ceremony
It's so hard to say goodbye
Well yeah
We spread it all out
And I think that's about state control
I think that the
Axis of power between fathers and sons
Is such
Non-governmental power
You guys are free to leave right now if you want
Am I?
I think they want us spreading it between
I get drunk on prom night
I wrestle with you on the kitchen floor
But not really
It doesn't end with someone being circumcised
Not if you do it right
Isn't it capitalism?
Capitalism wants everyone to be babies
But that's different than state control
We come from a capitalist state
It's a big
Ball of money that says
In God we trust on it
It's like it wants you sucking on
That titty for your entire life
And then it wants to just tell you
That being old cost money
And then it just watches you die
And meanwhile it tells your kids
Oh you're millennials you hate old people
They're like we do
And they told the old people
You know what really matters? Race
And then they tell the kids
You know what matters? Racism
And then they tell the next generation
You know what matters? Kind of race
And then everyone's like
How come every 30 years
We just told that we all hate each other
It's all money
Because they don't want
In that same vein don't you think that
Capitalists wouldn't we then have more
Oh it's your
They want to market curries and cards
And yeah exactly
That's just the innocent face
That's what you're able to trace
You'd think we'd have 11 Zs
And you're turning 12 Ramas
You know
They sound like the creepiest uncle
In the world right now
Come in my van for a 12 Ramas
Cause I think like first wet dream
For a young man should be like
A celebrate
I haven't gotten a wet dream
I've never had a wet dream
If you did a preemptive strike
If you know what I mean
Then you don't get a wet dream
Oh that's a bummer
Let's say I go for weeks
And I don't do any preemptive strikes
I've never woken up
There's no way you've gotten weeks
I mean look at you
Look at you, you clearly jerk off a lot
I've dreamt about
Sex
Coming and I've never come
I did
Everything okay?
Did someone just fucking jerk off all over you dude
In my sleep
I felt like I heard the guy
I processed that in my brain
It's just ogre from revenge of the nerds
I thought it just yelled ogre
I pictured the mountains from Game of Thrones
Oh okay
Here's a little piece of cultural
What dreams were there
Well I had one in my adulthood
I can't remember what I was dreaming of
But I remember I did actually
Finally after years of reading about it
In these textbooks and having your
Your gym teacher tell you about it
That I had
I was like holy shit I came in my sleep
Wait when was this how long ago
I was like in my 30s
You didn't do it as a kid though
No never
There wasn't anything available
For a whole time job
I just never turned back
One day Pam Gauber
Looked different and working
Mindy reruns and
The next day every pillow
In my mom's apartment was a target
There wasn't a surface
There wasn't a fabric
Swatch
That wasn't fucking just
Just humped
At first dry
Because nothing even before anything was coming out
I've talked about this before
Wait Camille
Camille have you had wet dreams
No
I always did preemptive strikes
And
I actually
While my cousin was here in the show
Right before it
I told a 10 minute long story about
When I first started masturbating
And I'll tell you the part that I didn't say
Because he was here
Directors cut
Is not there here
He wouldn't say it if he was
He's gone
The part I didn't
I talked about the first time I masturbated
And how I blacked out and came to
Are you stinking
I blacked out
I had masturbated and you came to
You came also
Really good
I closed my eyes a boy
And I opened up a man
And I blacked out
You must have come 7 or 8
Okay
I literally
The part I did mention is that
I had a very conservative Muslim
Upbringing so I was like when I first came
My body
When I first masturbated my body was like
Had been waiting so long
That when I came to I swear this is completely true
I found out
That I had
This is true I had hit the ceiling
No
Don't
Don't leave her hanging
I swear
You're a man now
Now
I swear I woke up
And I saw my Muslim repression
Dripping from the ceiling
Wait how
I swear
That's maybe 5 feet
Right
Are you being racist about the height of
Pakistani ceilings
Everyone knows you people sleep on the floor
If the average ceiling is 8 feet
I'm pushing the average size ceiling
And you're sitting on a toilet
Cause he's in the bathroom this part I know
So you're sitting on a toilet that's
So I'm even lower dude
I'm hitting the ceiling from this height
Sitting down
I swear
I remember I had to stand on top
Of the toilet to like
Wipe it
How old were you?
I was probably like 11
And I thought that this is how it always is
I didn't do it
I would like close my eyes and look away
But I've never been able to
Replicate the results
It dribbles out like a broken
Why are you faithful?
I find that incredibly remarkable
It's really something
Listen so did I
Why do you think it is that men
I guess the answer
Is in the question I don't know
Why would we want to
There's ads for pills you can take
That make you
Make there be more
Make it gush
It's enough
It's over the size thing
That doesn't make any sense
Logically
Funny that we also
Plus everybody wants to
It's just kind of funny
And I will say speaking for women
For those men who are fucking women
We don't want that
You're not looking for geysers
No
Women are so good at
I don't want to say women
Are good at anything
Wow
That came out wrong
No, that is so
Feminist
Mr. Trump, my next question
That is truly so feminist of you
I'm such a feminist
I don't want to say women are good at anything
Dan, thank you
There's a fine line
Finally somebody has the courage
I'm a master of all worlds
I didn't want to make a sweeping statement about women
Women are so good
And men are so fragile
Women are so good at
Intuiting
I think that
Men think
All men have experienced
Maybe a woman saying
That's a lot
And spinning it
And we've been like
That's good, huh?
I feel like it must
I feel like when there's not a lot
Of what did you call it, Camel
Dribbles out like a broken water
No, no, no, you've been
Preemptive strike, a lot of preemptive strikes
Preemptive strikes
I've always felt that there was a
You can actually get pregnant with a preemptive strike
Because there is some
Emptive strike
Arguably more
I read a thing that says
Because what you're doing
Is you're getting rid of
Overstock.com
So if you
Have one of those special days
When you're like
You don't have any phone calls till two
And
You're just
Going to town
You're arguably more fertile
I thought I read something
It feels weird to be talking about this
And have Emily be like two feet lower than us
It's tough to be a lady, guys
Wait, I'll say this
When I was a
Younger woman, I thought that a lot
Meant that I was
Like they were really like into me
And then now I realize
That they just
They just haven't masturbated that recently
Now I get that
Do you think it also has a million
Like variables, but do you think
That you got that impression from men
Like do you think that a guy
No, I just feel like nobody ever
Like no guy was ever like
That's for you, young lady
But I did think like
There's a little extra in there for you
Get yourself something next
Like
Like a replica
Of yourself that's half me
Get yourself a nice baby
Don't spread it all in one place
A guy never
Never made me feel that way, but I was like
For me, all this
Like I did have that
Right
All this, that
Actually makes sense
You feeling a weird amount of pride
About the amount of
And now I just realize it's meant that you've had
Phone calls all day
Right
Yeah, 90am conference call
Yeah
The
Okay, so
If you're with a guy
And he is a geyser
That's just a dude that has no phone calls
It could be a guy
Lots of phone calls
A very busy man
It could be a guy that's very excited about
You
No, because if you just jerked off three times
Before she came over, it doesn't matter
You're still not going to
Make a bunch of variables
I don't want anyone listening to this
I don't want anyone
Listening to this
Hahaha
Probably the most water you've had too
Sorry
We'll find out in the year 2030 that it's like
It's Skittles
You know
I was at a bar
Suspend your disbelief
And I ordered tequila
With pineapple juice
And the bartender or the gal goes
Uh-huh
Alright, yeah, that thing, yeah
It's sort of pineapple juice
Trying to make your sperm taste good
Exactly
I was in a
Also at a bar
And as I was walking out
A person
Kept yelling something
It started with an H
And it was
It was not quite my name
And it was like
It was so insistent and it kept getting yelled
That finally decided like
Back over my shoulder
As I was turning
My eyes landed on the guy
My brain caught up
And realized he was yelling hodor
Uh
And then he was very much directing it at me
Oh
And I looked at him
And
Was he being chased by a lot of white walkers?
He
He, I mean
I've never, I haven't experienced
Really taking it back
I'm not a thin-skinned person
It's about intent
It's when you realize someone's really
Like, wait, what's going on?
It's not like, oh no, I look like hodor
That guy's handsome
But it was like, holy shit
Like this guy, because I was waiting
I turned and looked
And he just had this
Delighted grin on his face
But he was a 30 year old man
And he just
Like, once I was looking at him
He just smiled and went, hodor
Maybe
He was hodor
I
Yeah, and he was saying
He was like, have a good night
Paul Rudd, Paul Rudd
Is that you?
It's like the gift of the mad guy
Yeah, but he, I mean he just
And I was like, so I just kept staring at him
And he was like, hodor
And his friends were all looking at him
Like, like, like
Have you had luck contacting hodor
Like, like, I just
The whole thing was so sociopathic
I kind of like, because I waited
And I was like, well maybe now
He'll say, just kidding
I love Harmontown, I'll see you at the show
I guess that's silly of me
To expect, but I didn't
Expect it as much as I really needed it
In that moment
And so I just waited
And I just slowly
Raised a thumb
I was like
And then turned around
And I was like, if I did this
In Los Angeles, this person
Would feel bad
That's the dark side of Toronto
Do you think he actually
Thought you were hodor?
It could be
You asshole, it could be
No, I mean people recognize you
As the wrong, I mean people recognize people
As the wrong celebrities, that definitely happens
I legitimately look enough like hodor
That the guy could have thought I was hodor
But when you look back on it, like
There's enough of a chance that I'm not hodor
That that guy should not be doing that
But you're like
A white guy, so it's okay
Like, I remember once
I was at an airport and NBA player
Chauncey Billips was there
And I was like, I can't go up to Chauncey
Billips and be like, you play in the NBA, right?
Like, I can't go up
To a black guy
That's the worst thing I could have done
How do you think I felt?
You play in the NBA
Imagine
My anxiety the second time
I got Mohammed today
Like when I called the Uber
I was like, wait, how can it be him?
I ordered an SUV, I'm racist
And it was a different Mohammed?
No, it was the same dude, he fucking fucked up
Like these people do not have not these people
That's been our show
Conventional coming everybody
Ontarians
Go ahead, what did these people
Not understand
Tell us what they're like
They do not have Uber down
In Toronto
You know what? You should report it to the police
I'll be a sketch artist
What did he look like?
Here, draw him for me
It's not Mohammed that done me wrong
Mohammed's okay
For the love of God, don't draw him
I know that was a joke
I thought I'd get away with stealing it
I don't know
They're Uber
They're not taking to Uber
Like a fish to water in Toronto
They're not having
They're figuring it out
We haven't taken an Uber yet
You'll watch the car
Twirl
The car will go
Plant and then you'll get a phone call
And you'll be like, are you okay?
He's just in a massive accident
And they'll just tell you where they are
And you'll walk to them for 10 minutes
In your head, they're like tumbling
They had a horrible accident
And you're seeing it
Are you alright, Mohammed? Are you okay?
When I was in Paris
In Paris, the Uber is there
I don't like Uber, I use Lyft
Because Lyft is a west coast thing
You guys don't have it here, do you?
Uber, blow, ho-ho's
It's the worst
In Paris, it's all a bunch of awesome Moroccan dudes
And they drive
Groovy cars
And they're super hip and fun
It's the best
So you've had a good experience with your Uber
Only in Paris
In Toronto, the Uber's here
I watched it, you look at the app
And you just see a little icon of a car
Just doing little pirouettes
And they have a lot of one-way streets here
So it's like, it's not all
That wasn't on one-way streets though
But he kept making it look like it was
And also then you add the, it's crazy
Because you just see, it looks like a little kid
It has a magnet behind a whiteboard
It's just like dragging the car around Toronto
I don't know what
Something's gotta give
What is on your Apple iWatch?
Toronto Facts
Did you know that
Good job Dustin
Did you know that Toronto is named after the famed
Sidekick to the La Rhone
Rarranger
Jesus Christ
That was pretty good, that was pretty good
That is a great joke
Shut up, fuck you
No, I am not being facetious
I am jealous
I promise you, I will think of that
Joke once a week
Until the day I die
I am not joking
There is no more
Did you know someone got
Murdered here?
I don't know
What kind of hot buttons I am doing
I am just listening to the Chiron
They have an
Inuit population here
What is the last name of the artist
That just is, they are investigating
The murder or something
You guys should know your news
Wait, what
From what you said
There is an Inuit population
And somebody got murdered and an artist
Is in charge of the investigation
Sorry, I fell apart
Because I started to get scared
I don't know the local hot button stuff
I don't know who I am going to offend
By the way, coming this fall to Netflix
I am going to watch the fuck out of that show
I was drinking in the bar
To the TV
To get their news crawl
It said there was an art
The police are still looking for the killer
Of someone named
Poo de goop
Like there is a crazy name
For a murder victim
And now I feel bad
That was a person
Yeah, it is a human being whose life is
And there is probably
Also cultural ramifications
Of what I am doing
I am probably trampling all over horrible ghosts
I really don't know
What you are talking about
They have a funny name
Their name is funny
Everything is funny
My name is Goobadoobadoo
Your name is not Gary Johnson
I think that is funny
You look weird
Your instruments are weird
I am sorry
So I am literally just trying
I accept your apology
I am just trying to pass through
The facts
I just have any
So there was an Inuit artist
Who was murdered
Does anyone have the facts in this case
Another artist is in charge of songs
No, there is no artist in charge of anything
Was he Inuit or First Nations
Police are looking for the killer
Of this artist
Does anybody know what we are talking about
A human being up here
She knows
I am sorry
Poopa Goop
This is the Poopa Goop
Did you just look this up
You can sit here
Take a stool or what's your name
Anya
Did you know about this from before
Or you just looked this up
I did know about it before
I brought the beer up too
I am very excited about that
Yeah, I just looked up the names
name. It's okay, yeah. So tell us everything about this. An award-winning Inuit artist
has been identified as the woman who was found dead earlier this week in the Rudeau River
in Ottawa. And her name is? I'm gonna fuck this up, too. Annie Pudugook. Okay. Pudugook.
You're close. So hilarious to me. Ha ha ha. Her family's in the audience. Even if they're
not, like, there's probably some raging, boiling, like fucking... Dude, I saw the guest
listen and said, Pudugook plus three. Plus two now. Oh.
That was a... I don't know if that was the Sandman or a hockey player. That was a Toronto
version of the Sandman. That was the best thing I've ever seen. All right, well, Anya,
let's get to know you a little bit. Hi, my name's Anya. Anya, aside from being the fastest
Googler in the front two rows, what is your specialty? Oh, I'm a vegan. That's like...
I run a... I love the self-loathing that that was said about. You guys can't... You're
in the wrong town, but that's it. I'm vegetarian. I'm vegetarian. You guys will just put a piece
of bacon on any old thing. I run a, like, with my two best friends, an Instagram account
called VeganGirlfriend. And that's what I do. And I'm a comedian, too, but... What's the
thing? Oh, yeah. Sorry. Sorry. Hang on. Hang on. Hold up. People are more mad about that
than the whole Muhammad drawing thing. Yeah. Yeah, the politeness for their... They don't
have it for their own, or is it... They just love bacon products here. Well, she's leaving
more for you, and she's being very self-effacing and a new... You know, she's putting herself
at risk. What's the goal for the Instagram account? What's the idea behind it? I'm gonna
get in so much trouble. My friends are gonna be so mad at me. I started... Yeah, you don't
want the word to get out. No, no, no. I... Make sure you... You promoted our shit. Make
sure you put them on stage. Wait, VeganGirlfriend? Yeah, that's me. Yeah. Oh, you have 23,000
followers. Hey, you have 23,000 and one follower. Thank you. He is going to follow you later,
I promise. There's no real goal to it. I started it as, like, a fun thing to do, and now Ari
on a Grand Day follows us, and that's all she wrote. Does she lick your doughnuts? That's
a reference to it. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Does Ari on a Grand Day lick, lick, lick the crawlers
or something? She was at a store, and she... While the people weren't looking, she licked
the doughnuts, and then said, this is why America sucks so much, is because we have
so many doughnuts. Right, and she said a doughnut... All right, well, whatever. She's a child.
Why am I shaming her for living a life in captivity? She's on camera, it looks like...
It should be more of an outrage that she's on security cam licking doughnuts. She should
be able to get away with licking a doughnut. But she's also a grown up. I think you forget
that because she's very tiny, but she's like... What do you look like? Most pop stars are
like Adele's age, which is crazy, because Adele seems like a grown ass lady, and a lot
of these girls don't, but they're all grown ass ladies. But 50's the new 30. She's 24,
I think. 24's the new 11. I think Adele's like 25. It's crazy. Oh, Adele's 25? Oh, fuck
Ariana Grande. I see what you're saying. She must be an old soul. That's the age when
dementia kicks in and you start licking doughnuts. It tastes good? I will say, if I'm going
to a doughnut shop and there's one that was licked by Ariana Grande, I would pay double
for it. Would you eat it, or would you just... Yes. Slowly and sensuously. You think her
saliva tastes better than other Disney kids, or Disney grown ladies? That's a very difficult
question to answer without the necessary research. Yeah, I'd have to do research. Ariana, I don't
have to get shot in the book in there. So you, your friend Megan, and your friend Alexandra,
you guys have this vegan girlfriend thing, and then it's... It says it's based in Toronto
and L.A. Yeah, my Megan just moved to L.A. Megan. So now we're worldwide. No, she just
moved to L.A. So we're worldwide. Was that Dave Kline out there? Look, this picture has
500 likes. Can you believe this is a cake? No, we can't start doing this. It looks delicious.
How can you believe it? Yeah. Okay. It just looks a lot like it. Have you been to Hogtown
Vegan on Blur? I have. It's fucking good. It's delicious. It's so good. It's amazing.
Maybe you're not a vegetarian. Go to Hogtown Vegan. It's fucking delicious. This looks
great. Cut my cake. It's out of L.A. It's called Cut My Cakes. She makes like granite. That's
what I'm saying. It's like, cake fucks your wife. It's an alt-right foodie Instagram.
That's a fun time. Cut my cake. Cut my cake. Cuck cakes would be great. They would not
need to be vegan though. How many times a week do you get called a cuck on Twitter? Me?
Not that often. You know what? I decided to stop reading my replies and I don't read
them as much. What if they tell you you're awesome? Well, I can hear 50 awesomes and
then one person calls me a cuck and it ruins me. Are you guys both being called cucks because
you have, like, people know you have a wife or a girlfriend? Why are you a cuck? No. They're
liberals. Also because I cucked the shit out of this guy. I don't even know what that
means. I think a lot of dance dances. I don't know what it's a do part of the show. Emily
does a Bazinga and then I do a yeehaw dance. I love it. You guys know what yeehaw is? Of
course you don't. I grew up on yeehaw. Here's what I'm curious. Young Torontonians, what
is your relationship with Take Off You Hoser? Is Dan and I walking down, what street were
we on? Bay? Or some shit? Young? Is it young or you don't know what a street name is? It's
young guy. We're walking down the road and we're like, do people still call each other
hosers? And in the event that somebody is a hoser, do you admonish them to take off?
Yeah. Yeah. People still say hoser here? The answer is no. Yeah. Yeah, we were wondering
or do they even know about that? I've watched Strange Brew 11,000 times. Really? You guys
are actually in New Strange Brew. That's great. Well, I guess that makes sense. It's kind
of a local, I mean, that's like their area, right? That's all we've got. That story's
taking place right around here. You guys, like, Toronton is the home of, like, SCTV, like
all that fucking stuff. Oh, I have a lot of, like, really funny comedy friends, like the
show Monsecone Valley, the guy, Toss Middletich, who plays Richard, is from here. I just texted
him to be like, hey, do you have any Torontotips? He has no Torontotips. The guy that I travel
with when I do Who's Live Anyway with Ryan Stiles and Greg Proops and the gang, it's
Bob Durkash, who was the musician for Toronto Second City for 25 years. Toronto is a comedy
town way back all over the place. For sure. Yeah.
Well, you're saying with all these improv roots here, we should probably get some information
from Rania and then do a hilarious, improvised sketch of some kind. And in the event that
Emily Gordon never has a bezinga, you have to do your dance.
Right. I'm gonna have a bezinga, though.
So, Anya, why don't we just do your biopic? Like, where were you born?
I was born in Canada. I was raised in Ireland.
Raised in Ireland, but born in Canada. Why? I mean, what happened?
Well, where else do you get a name like Anya? I mean, like, aside from Poland and Russia.
Yeah, most of Europe, you can get the name Anya.
All right, so raised in Ireland. Yeah, my parents are from there.
Both parents are Irish. So they just had you in Canada and then absconded.
They had like a house in Ireland and they brought me there and then they came back.
Do you speak Irish? It's not that I don't speak Irish, I'm sorry.
That's not a language. It is. They force it, they have these things
called gale talks, which is like you go there, it's like a confined space where you go just
to speak gale like and you can't speak English.
This is your parents? No, well, this is your parents.
I have an Instagram called Vegan Gale Talk. Gale Friends.
Vegan Gale Friends. Can you believe this is a clock?
Dad, you fixed it. Vegan Gale Friends. Yeah, I blessed it.
He's always blessed in my shit. I blessed it, I blessed it.
You blessed it. Yeah, Vegan Gale Friends.
Yeah. Well, you just mined our friendship.
All right, so you're raised in Ireland. They have a house there. How do you end up back
in Canada? It was really not exciting. We just came back
to Canada. We're going to make it exciting.
Thank you. We came back to Canada and then I moved to Toronto because I was vegan and
I wanted to be vegan in a place where I was raised in a Mennonite town like in Canada.
It's called Elmira, if anybody knows it. What's the place called?
It's called Elmira. Wait, did you just say Elmira? Sorry, couldn't hear it.
Do you know what the Urdu word for cupboard is? This is true. Urdu word for cupboard?
Elmira. But it really is. Sorry, I was saying Urdu.
And all right. I wanted to be a comedian and a vegan at the same time.
That's really hard. The only place to do that is Toronto.
You need meat protein to be on stage. I'm going to die now.
I feel like the veganism is a point that you really want to be pushed in the movie.
You want to make sure that's included. It is why I moved out of the Mennonite
capital of Canada. That's probably wrong. All right, thank you.
What is a Mennonite? I was afraid to sound stupid.
What is a Mennonite? Thank you, sir.
I'm blaming it all. Mennonites are wrong.
I need a Mennonomic device to remember what a Mennonite is.
This is the second time I've heard it mentioned in Canada.
Someone mentioned Mennonites to me in Banff and I nodded.
It felt charged. It felt like there was something going on and I was like, okay.
It's like the Amish. Yeah, if you know what an Amish is, you
know what a Mennonite is. It's like a quaker.
Yeah. Like a Mennonite.
Yeah, yeah, like diet. What do you mean diet Mennonite?
Some dude yelled out diet Mennonite and he was like, hey, exactly.
What do you mean? It's like a lapsed Catholic.
I just assumed that he meant like Amish is like a diet Mennonite because you guys are
more hardcore. I don't think Amish is a diet, anything.
I think they're the worst. Well, you haven't met a Mennonite then.
I mean, I have now. I'm not a Mennonite. You are a diet Mennonite.
All right. Who's on first? All right. I think, well, let's thank
Anya for volunteering or life to us. Anya, everybody.
You should probably go and have a seat and watch your bio pic.
Anya. Let's hear from Anya.
Oh boy. The girl who knows about Inuits and veganism.
Okay. Good on you. Thank you, sir.
Do it, Dan. That's a pizzinga. That was a pizzinga.
I really feel like that guy should get that bottle of vodka Dan just picked up for that
time. Wait, so what?
The guy just had a funny joke. Dan heard someone stealing vodka and he
was, he demurred. All right. So, okay. So, right.
We probably don't have control of her lights, but fade in.
Can we, can we go completely to black to start this off?
The bridge is gone. There we go.
Uh, Ontario, 1989. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, Patrick.
Yes, oh, yes. Oh, maybe we, maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe it's coming out of me.
I hope it's a, I hope it's a, it's a strong lad who loves meat.
I think.
I hope you don't give birth to another vegan.
Let's find out.
You're going to give birth to a standing up.
You're going to do another standing birth.
It's so gross.
So I'll have to get the mop out again.
It's the Gaelic way.
It's Gaelic medicine.
Go ahead.
Just squeeze her out.
Squeeze her out.
Just squeeze her out, squeeze her out, squeeze her out.
She's come.
Hello.
Oh, Philly.
She's come full dressed.
She's come fully dressed.
Look at her.
What if I wasn't?
Don't watch a pretty Irish lass.
She's like that.
A chap on the moon.
I'm sorry.
Is that soy milk or is that people milk?
Because I really, I'm like not into it, mom.
Kill her.
She bears the mark.
No.
She cannot stay here.
We have to send her to Canada.
We are in Canada.
We're in Canada now.
Okay, fucking no.
Are we?
Yes.
We're in Canada.
The only thing I remember to bear...
We're currently in Canada.
Okay, okay.
I'm going to go to Ireland.
Sightbar.
No, you'll be raised in Ireland.
You'll be a...
We're gonna...
We'll raise her...
She already knows more than us.
We'll raise her in Ireland and then we'll send her back to Toronto.
She must stay away from the Mennonites.
If they find out she's vegan.
Oh, the Kalei is in the Shalubas.
And I'm a hell of a vegan, guys, so...
Oh, my God, she's already a millennial.
They grow so fast.
We've got to get you to the mother country.
There's too many Mennonites about...
Do they have vegan haggis there or a vegan...
Is it gonna be like...
There's shamrocks everywhere.
Anya.
Just be careful.
Oh.
Anya.
Yes.
I am your spirit guide.
Thank you spirit guide.
And as any puttagooka...
Avenge me!
I hear the old lord.
How best to avenge you?
How best?
Uh...
Start an Instagram account.
It must be nice to have this all laid out for you.
Hey, pretty girl, will you be my vegan girlfriend?
He's a Mennonite.
He's a diet Mennonite.
And I think he's hot.
You mustn't.
This love is forbidden.
Oh, Jedediah, Jedediah, you shouldn't mess with these Irish Canadians.
That's right, I'm Canadian, not Irish.
Ha!
She can hear everything we're saying.
Burn her!
Run!
To Ireland with you!
To Ireland!
Feed the ghillies ghillie...
Pugs and pugs and pugs and banney pugs.
This is your...
Green Hills.
A fine day!
That's not gonna happen again.
She's, she's river dancing.
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, Anya!
Come home for dinner!
Yes, come on!
Ireland, 2003.
What, what, what are we having?
Did you have a good time in the green hills of Ireland?
Not at all.
They made me try to speak Gaelic, and I don't even think that's the language.
With maybe Irish.
I don't actually know.
At least you're safe from those filthy Mennonites.
I personally suspect they had a hand in 9-Eleven.
I've aged.
What, what, what, Patrick?
The Mennonites are coming.
The Mennonites are coming?
Your father's been killed.
Also, winter is coming.
It's like Mennonites, but they're like, no.
Hey, I found out the Mennonites were responsible for 9-Eleven.
And one of their names was Muhammad.
I've drawn a picture of him.
What the, no, wait, are you on our side or who?
I just have to finish drawing the beard.
No!
Wait, Anya!
Freeze time!
Begin!
I can only do this once in a lifetime, Anya.
Your name in Oodoo.
Do it there.
I'm waiting.
Father, please.
Mother, mother, I'm waiting.
Mother, mother.
I've grown old, I've grown old.
You look beautiful.
You look a little like Hodor, though.
I'm Sally Field with prosthetics.
Your name in Urdu means cupboard.
I don't think that's true.
Look within yourself.
You'll find canned goods.
I will be a cupboard for Satan and Choke.
Anya!
This is your spirit guide.
Yes.
Hang on one second.
Any Pogodoo.
Yes.
He met your name as Elmira in Urdu.
Oh, that actually does make sense.
Thank you, spirit guide.
Thank you.
Elmira.
Oh, wait, wait.
Oh, shit, yeah.
Oh.
Yeah.
Okay.
I was just...
Yeah, no, that's good.
We should wrap this up.
I've...
I don't know why.
It's going great.
You know what?
This family has no more left.
You have no choice.
I have no choice but to trust that Mennonite boy that was calling on you.
What does that mean?
Does that mean what I think it means?
If this family must continue, by any means, it must continue.
Here.
Look.
What?
May the town of Elmira be the cupboard in which the non-perishable dry goods of love
happened to be already when it was opened.
All this is for you.
I truly feel chosen.
All this?
All this.
You'll see.
Anya.
Anya, this is your spirit guide.
Hang on one second, guys.
Yes.
Yes, spirit guide.
Don't look on his ceiling.
All this is for you.
All right.
That's it.
We did it.
That's Anya's biopic.
We fucking did it.
Yeah.
Yo.
Final credits rap, ending credits rap about the Anya movie.
I've got a credits rap.
Yo.
Anya.
All right.
Yo.
Who's got a men and knight?
Who's pussy's good and tight?
Who wants to fuck all night?
Anya.
All right.
That got two gangster.
So quickly, also.
Who wants to men and knight?
Who's pussy's good and tight?
Who wants to fuck all night?
Yeah.
You peaked too quickly.
You gotta save that for the end of the rap.
It was badass, but then the two-thirty of the way through, I was like, who's a human
being in the audience?
You should maybe add, your pussy's good and tight.
You got top that?
Yeah.
That could be a record.
My girlfriend's cousin's in the audience.
Just met them.
They're like, what's the show about?
You'll see.
Now, have you seen Prairie Home Companion?
It's like that, but it's a felony.
And it's not.
Spencer, how are you doing over there?
Oh, I'm so good.
Remember when we were talking about rituals for young adults?
Yes.
Bruce Lee Day.
Tell us more, please.
I mean, who's the perfect masculine mascot?
Bruce Lee.
To usher you into manhood?
To everybody.
To all men.
Who doesn't look up to Bruce Lee?
He's fucking perfect.
He embodies physical acuity, violence in a healthy way that's not like, well, I mean,
he's a philosopher.
It's hard to deny that violence is part of, you know, at least the traditional masculine
identity in some form.
It's just usually that violence is bad.
What does one do on Bruce Lee Day?
What?
How do you celebrate if you're a 12 or 13-year-old boy?
You break boards?
You follow the code of ethics that Bruce Lee puts forth to make you learn how to do a one-inch
punch?
Or the one-inch punch that I used to have a little flip book when I was a kid of Bruce
Lee doing nunchucks, and I would like try and train.
I would watch the flip book, and then try and train myself to do it.
That's amazing.
You're like, you flip, and then you start, and then you're trying to do it in one hand.
You're like, ah.
And I have to pause it.
It's very hard to do a flip book with one hand.
That's exactly what you would do, though.
It's a good technique.
Did you ever try break dancing by watching break in two or something, and then rewinding
on the VCR, and then you try to do it?
Doing the slow-mo of it?
Never worked.
Turbo in Ozone.
My brother and I spent hours just trying to learn to break dance, and we never did.
Can we see a little more of that?
What do you mean it never worked?
This is the podcast, right?
This is called Poppin' and Lockin'.
Oh my God!
Holy shit!
I'm so glad Corey Thelma can be here tonight.
That was amazing.
Very good.
It's probably good that little kids, I saw a thing that said, when you go through puberty,
little boys, like the sexual and the violent parts of their brains start to all match.
They start to light up like crazy at the same time, and they kind of like drift over.
Oh, the animal stuff, the sex and the violence.
Yes, but who do you think is doing the research?
I know, I know.
It's such a weird pop-size thing to do.
But if that were true, little boys were prone to hit things with their firetruck toy, and
you couldn't think of a healthier way to collect and redirect that than martial arts classes.
Because you would go like, okay, yeah, you have to like, if you really concentrate and
go to bed when we tell you to, you'll be able to kick the world's ass, but you have to wait
for the world to attack you.
It's like, okay, now it's your problem, next generation.
When this guy's 30, he'll be Ted Bundy, but fuck it.
He's just like going to bed every night with a poster of a naked man above it, and he's
just doing push-ups.
Like, one day I'll beat up everyone.
But everyone has to attack me first.
Yeah, I mean, maybe it'll be the way they talk to me at the grocery store, but they'll
attack me.
Can I say something?
When I did my show here earlier tonight, I saw this beautiful theater, and I was like,
how is Harmontown going to feel like Harmontown in this space?
And you guys did a great job.
It's felt like a Harmontown.
More so, really.
I mean, they're very chill.
They're very, very welcoming.
This is a good audience.
Yeah, usually much closer.
It makes me want to meet more of them, like I want to kind of like, is this me pimping
you guys too much, or Emily, if I like, because you were at one point, you had a therapeutic
career, you've written many things about relationships and things, we bring up a couple, and get
to know them.
Are we going to watch them have sex, or?
No, I'm just like, maybe they have an issue that they're trying to deal with.
Well, that's fun.
I find that often people don't volunteer for things like this, but let's see what happens.
Well, haven't you been to my show?
There's a couple right there.
What's so great is that a couple raised their hands, but also their friends are pointing
like these guys.
They're like, yeah.
Get them out of here.
They've got shit to work out.
Chad and Natalie, you need to talk to them right now.
Okay, you guys want to come up?
You guys really have a, oh my God, Emily.
So we've got two stools here.
All right.
And we're totally going to watch these people have sex.
We're totally going to watch these people have sex.
Hello.
Hello, hello.
Nice to meet you.
Colin and Lauren.
You have seats at your stools.
Hello.
Colin and Lauren, correct?
Yes, thank you.
Colin and Lauren, everybody.
Your first task is you have to figure out how to share a microphone.
Yeah, I was just going to say.
Go ahead.
Eat it, right?
I would say put it in the holder and that way you guys have a natural like give and take
where you have to like lean in and like you have that visual cue of like, I'm going to
talk.
No, I'm going to talk.
Fuck you.
So your names are again.
My name is Colin.
Lauren.
Colin and Lauren.
All right.
So what's the problem?
I guess, well, we've been living together for the last little bit, but I'm broke and
I'm going to have to move back in with my parents.
So we're going to be splitting up that way, but not all together.
But yeah, so we're not going to be seeing each other as much.
You guys have been living together?
Yes.
Okay.
To be fair, we've been living together pretty much since we've known each other.
How long have you been together?
About a year now, actually.
Yeah.
Okay.
Not too much.
So you kind of moved in almost immediately?
I moved in.
Yeah.
I moved in immediately.
Immediately.
And, well, and you consumed his, now he has to leave, but wait, how would, how did that
happen?
That show game, like you moved, you moved in and now he has to go move his parents and
you're keeping me apart.
To somebody paying rent, it sounds like.
You got a job.
This was an active year for you.
Are you staying in his place?
He's moving in, oh no, I'm not staying in his place.
You're moving out of that place.
Okay.
Technically, I have my own house.
I just never go there.
All right.
Take it easy.
You guys came with like seven friends and they're, like, they're up here.
That's enough.
All right.
So Lauren.
Lauren, you moved in, you moved in to Collins Crib.
Yeah.
About a year ago.
And then Collins, you've fallen on hard times and you got to move back in with the family.
Yes.
Now, Lauren, where are you headed now?
I have to go to my apartment.
Well, my house.
I'm very disappointed.
You have your own home?
Yeah.
I'm very disappointed.
Why can't Collins move into your fucking house?
He supported you for a year.
Well, let me ask first, what's been the rent situation?
What's been the, who pays the rent in the house that you guys have been in?
You have been paying.
So I've been paying the rent.
I do have a roommate.
He's with me in the front row as well.
Sure.
But yes, I've been paying the rent.
You haven't been paying the rent.
No.
Yes.
Okay.
I'll write that.
So you weren't living with him because you needed to, you just were spending all your
time.
That's just kind of unusual.
You guys want to be together.
You had, you've been paying rent on your house.
Yes.
Okay, gotcha.
So what is your issue with having him move in with you?
He's kind of supported you in some, some fashion.
So what's the issue with having him move in?
It's not as much him as like my situation.
What, are you a fanatic or what are you doing?
Why are you being so vain?
By the way, the trick to being a therapist is to just ask the most obvious questions.
So what is your situation?
I'm new to town and I moved in with people from my residence at university.
Oh, so you have a bunch of roommates.
Oh, a ton of roommates.
Okay.
Very good people.
Yeah.
And you don't, you're not a fan.
Yeah, exactly.
Neither of you are fans or just calling?
Yeah, neither of us are fans.
And may I ask, are you two, would you consider yourselves in love?
Very much so.
Yeah.
Perfect.
You don't want that to be answered at the same time.
Yes.
You want one person to say it and the other person in a white hot panic to repeat it.
I saw a bit of equivocation on that.
You guys are young.
Yeah.
I mean, I will say that's a good time being young.
Like, look, I've cohabitated with like a thousand people and it's always been the path
of least resistance, the logical thing to do.
So if there are a couple of little riddler question marks on their labyrinth like map,
what the fucking metaphor?
What is that metaphor?
I just, I just sprayed my neck on it.
It's probably all good and well for us to have a couple head scratches when we hear
the situation because they're at a time in their lives when maybe they shouldn't have
this shit all figured out.
So it sounds like you had 100% control when it was his apartment, but...
You always had your own place to go back to.
She could always, if they had a fight, if he turned out to be like own a collection of
human teeth, like she could just, if he was, if he like during lovemaking cried out, I'm
actually from Montreal.
She could quietly slip out.
I'm a Mennonite.
You won't have that anymore.
But not only is it more real, but also it's probably not even possible because it sounds
like your living situation is more of a like a burning man kind of tent that you're curiously
committed to though, like you have like a year contract at like a hostel.
Now Lauren, what is the, or either of you, what do you think the next step is, like Colin
you're moving into a new place, so you're, you're searching for new places?
Moving back with my parents.
Where are your parents?
My parents, um, we're not from Toronto, we're Peterborough, which is two hours north, they're
in Peterborough as well.
Peterborough!
So you guys...
I have family in Peter, Peterborough, is that what it's called?
You too?
Peterborough.
So you guys are going to be two hours apart now.
No, we'll just be like, I don't know, ten minute drive.
Wait, wait, how, where the fuck do you live then?
Oh, I live in Peterborough too.
I moved there for school.
Oh!
Okay.
All right, okay.
So you guys will be, I was like, go ahead Emily, you're the pro here.
I'm so confused Emily, you have, you have a degree in this one, fucking take over.
I have a degree in Peterborough, uh, whichever one it is, uh, I think I, and there's a term
called sliding, not deciding, which is like when people end up, couples end up moving
in together more out of necessity and like they need cheap rent more than because they've
decided like I would like to spend all my time and have all my stuff paired with yours
and those relationships end up splitting often because you don't feel like you're choosing
to move in with someone you love.
You feel like this is all we can do right now because we're broke as shit.
And I think the most...
You just described three quarters of my adult life.
Exactly.
And how do those work out?
And I'm just saying, wait, I've done that with several, uh, not, not you love.
And I decided.
And also you moved in with me and showed up with two, two, uh, grocery bags.
I was like, I'm moving in.
And I was like, I've made a huge mistake.
That's pretty much what happened.
They were not grocery bags, they were garbage bags.
I couldn't fit everything I own into two grocery bags.
Don't be crazy.
Garbage bags?
Sure.
But you guys need to like, um, I think the obvious like, it doesn't sound like your living
situation is stable, but I think maybe you need to work on your ideas of like, do you
fully committing to this would be at the next level, would be you guys moving into a place
that's just the two of you, perhaps if you wanted.
And maybe it's not time for that now.
But if that's a goal, maybe that all you can agree on now is that that's the goal.
And then you go to your parents' house, you go to your fucking burning man, and you guys
are going to, there's a terror to, I've been in those relationships where I'm like, oh
man, if we make this, if we go backward, it's going to be a disaster.
I'm not saying that means it's going to be.
I am saying if that were possible, then what's the point?
And you will find, I think that it will romanticize everything.
You'll be like, you'll be brushing your teeth again before you know it.
It'll go back to dating.
Yeah, you'll be dating.
It'll happen.
And it doesn't matter if it goes good or goes bad.
It's not about bring the magic pack and all the spices, all that stuff.
It's just like, yeah, you guys are children, and you can, you'll sustain this.
Yeah, I guess my biggest concern is I've made steps to becoming an adult, a millennial adult.
What have you done?
401K?
He moved out of his parents.
And I work at a bong shop, so those are two adults.
That's your individual, yeah.
So you do have a job?
Yes, but your job doesn't provide you enough to get your own place.
Exactly, yes.
What?
It does suck.
There's a room full of people here that will forgive you for having to take backwards steps in terms of that.
The myth of you turning 18, leaving your parents' place and becoming a human being that creates other human beings.
That's all steeped in a time before they figured out how to really tap the workforce and exploit them.
You bet!
Your generation now has seven jobs, and it's what the market will bear.
I'm sure that's no different in any country you go to.
It's like, oh, they can all work, and they can all fuck off and be children until they're 80.
There's no shame in living with your parents until you're 70.
There's some shame in that.
Maybe a little shame.
But I think as long as you're striving to whatever you're the next thing is you want to do,
if it's a better bong shop where you get paid more, that's a thing.
You got to start your own bong shop, bro.
Yeah!
We're looking at legalization 2017 in Canada, so you never go.
That's amazing.
So then those bongs will be worthless.
Exactly.
Do you think that the vape culture has hurt the bong culture?
100% no, Jeff.
I will fight that to a T.
I didn't have an opinion.
I would just...
I get paid to have an opinion.
I wasn't going fucking Hillary on you, man.
Where are you guys on Kratom?
Speaking of which, actually, I sell Kratom at my shop.
Not for human consumption, of course.
But no, I have a lot of customers who seriously helps with their addictions.
Methadone is a serious problem for a lot of people.
I love this dude.
If you can find a natural substitute, hey, why not?
Absolutely.
This is the direction you need to go in.
Look how animated you've gotten.
This is like your passion.
This is where you need to go.
Why don't you plug where you work right now, and when there's a line outside tomorrow,
tell your boss, I should be an associate something.
Yes, thank you.
Yes.
I work at Pipe Dreams on George Street in Peterborough, 416 George Street North.
Come see me.
We're locally owned and operated for 20 years, so hey.
Oh, it's a family shop.
I like that.
Colin and Lauren's relationship is on GoFundMe.com.
Yeah!
And Colin, I'll say at master's degree, couples and family therapy, and this is now what I'm
doing for a living.
It's always okay.
It's always okay to go in a random direction and not do the thing that you thought you
were supposed to do.
Yep.
Never be afraid to start over.
That's all we're ever going to do over and over again.
Sorry, I didn't hear any of that.
It wasn't important.
About me, Indies.
Indies, hey.
I was looking at my one note on my thing.
Lauren, what is your bag?
What is your dream gig?
What do you do?
What's going on with you?
I'm actually in school for psychology right now.
Oh, shit.
Oh.
There you go.
I mean, do it for a few years, see what happens.
Someday you might be in Harmontown, but fuck, you already are.
She's so far ahead of you.
God damn it.
You ought to actually be at their best and practice for years to end up in Harmontown.
You may create a Harmontown.
Emily created it.
She thought only down this podcast only existed as Emily.
We're only here because of Emily Gordon.
Emily Gordon is the reason that-
Look at that.
It's a little misleading, but I'll take the applause.
Thank you.
Emily Gordon asked a recently fired from NBC, Dan Harmon.
Would you want to do a show?
Was that about 10 minutes?
Yeah, we were just at a bar and I was like, I'm running this theater in LA and I desperately
need shows.
You should just get on stage and talk and you're like, okay.
I've been waiting for someone to say that.
I thought it was supposed to be a shame to that.
I would say it's become the thing that's what that theater is known for.
Can we share like an anarcho-syndicalist kind of little society where Colin gives us bongs
and Lauren and Emily give us psychological advice and Kumail does whatever Kumail does.
I say things are racist.
But for free.
You don't charge.
It's mutual reciprocity and we all just provide everything.
I feel like for the vibe that we got on, we walked on stage and the amount of volume and
love that you get when you come into a Harmontown show, not to inflate this own balloon, but
like walking down the street and the people come up and be like, oh, shit, this is Harmontown.
There's a feeling of community there and I feel like there's a possibility that if we
all just felt passionate and moved in or out of each other's apartments or back to their
parents' apartments and all did whatever we all love to do, something fantastic, we could
get back on.
Let's run in there with 4,000 people from Ontario.
All right.
What were they saying?
They'd say take off hoses.
Take off hoses?
They'd say no.
These hoses aren't taking off.
These hoses are here to stay.
These hoses are, yeah, these hoses aren't taking on the system.
Lauren.
It's Lauren.
Yes.
So that house you're staying in, that's good practice for an aspiring mental health.
Do you think, do you think, do you, are they listening?
I feel they really hope not.
Okay.
Are any of them here in the house tonight?
No.
Oh, God, no.
All of Colin's friends are here tonight.
This seemed like a great bunch.
I feel like we got the wrong people on stage.
We have the Canadian Dave Kline over here.
He's fine down there.
All right.
Well, let's keep moving forward.
Let's hear it for Lauren and Colin.
Colin and Lauren.
You saved their relationship, Emily.
Good job.
All right.
We're fucking, we're tearing up Toronto.
I had, I had deep fried cauliflower tonight.
Oh, I had that yesterday.
You can fry cauliflower so deep that it doesn't matter that it's cauliflower.
That's true.
It may as well be beef, delicious beef.
You can put, I had it with buffalo sauce and it was unbelievable.
Deep fried cauliflower.
You're so good.
You can get that Mohawk bent back.
Mohawk bent.
All right.
Oh, I wanted to ask.
It's good.
Not a local reference.
Sorry, guys.
I, I, I wanted to ask you Canadians.
All right.
Do you guys, are you, are you aware of the church of the Latter-day Saints?
Have you heard the good news about menonitism?
The great God Menon who provides you with cologne and shaving equipment.
The smoothest shaved profit in all of Canada.
Ah, menon.
Uh, the, the, uh, uh, the, are you, are you guys, there's no way you're, are you even
familiar with JonBent Ramsey?
That's a weird reaction.
This seems like a crazy thing to bring up two hours into a show.
Is it true?
It's even crazier thing to cheer for like they just said YouTube was coming on stage.
Yeah.
Well, they just did a hole.
Are you into true crime?
Love true crime.
Haven't watched that, but love true crime stuff.
Did you watch the John Benet thing?
No, I don't know.
Is it good?
There's a guy, Dr. Henry Lee, who's a forensic wizard who has a very, very thick accent.
Like he's Chinese and he, like he clearly has dedicated most of his brain to like, like
studying forensics and like, it's.
Well, what, like, what does he sound like?
I think it would go a little something.
Yeah.
Go ahead.
Like this.
In his voice.
Let's see.
We're talking about cast off patterns of blood on the wall.
Yeah.
Maybe it was done.
Let's do something.
I mean, just do something.
I guess you're a fan of the gentleman.
Yeah.
Let's say something really inoffensive.
He's a waiter at a Chinese restaurant.
A faithful impression.
Technically, I was going to culminate this in doing an impression of him.
Okay.
All right.
But it won't be racist because it's that one guy.
It's not a whole race.
I'm actually, I'm just, this is just a personal attack.
This is a personal.
Anyway, there's filthy Chinese guy.
What was he saying?
He's a genius in his feet.
He walks into a bar with a, with a, with a Nobel prize winning pollock and a, and a very
nurturing rabbi.
And the bartender just comes everywhere.
It hits the ceiling.
On the ceiling.
Yeah.
Okay.
Go ahead.
Sorry.
Look, you, they were talking about the kid like John Panay, like, like, like, like, it
comes down to this bowl of pineapple and, uh, are you serious?
Yeah.
Like the kid, the brother is like eating pineapple and they like, that's a theory that like, because
she had some pineapple in her stomach that was digested on a certain amount that, you
know, if you do a timeline, it's like, well, they're just like, is it?
And so Dr. Henry Lee is explaining.
He's like, like the theory of like, what if the brother got really mad, the nine year
old brother that she took a piece of pineapple out of his, out of his bowl?
Well, hold on, sir.
I heard somebody, I'm fascinated that you're agitated by.
I'm not, I'm not making fun of you.
So the theory is, that might be, but like, Dr. Henry Lee is here tonight.
He's like, he's explaining, he's going like, like, how did she get clobbered in the back
of the head with a heavy object?
And like, like, what does it have to do with the pineapple?
And he's explaining and he says, uh, well, how about this?
She come, she take, he say, don't steal my papal.
Papal?
That's it.
I've never heard so many consonants removed from a word.
I guess just one, but it's, it's just like such a, don't, don't steal my papal.
That's a key consonant.
He's miming a nine year old killing a six year old.
And he's just like, it's just like, this is so much glee and he's so smart.
And he's like, and it's like, it's just adorable.
Like I wanted to make it like a little meme.
Like, don't steal my papal.
So his theory is that the brother was eating a bowl of papal.
The brother was.
No, the brother was.
And the sister took the papal.
And she stole that papal.
And then he, that's his theory.
And then there was like a giant eight pound maglite.
And he, with his nine year old Peter Parker.
What there was.
He was like, fuck you.
What there was was an empty bowl of pineapple.
He used that to kill her.
That's the burner weapon.
Okay.
What do you do?
Would you just making that shit up?
There was a full bowl of pineapple that supports the theory that's that, that shit was interrupted.
That next night.
Oh, we interrupted the papal.
It was sitting there and then they show the brother, like they show him, like they're
reviewing the case and they show him a picture of the, of the crime scene, but not the crime
scene, but the, the, from the house.
And they show him, there's a bowl of pineapple.
They go, what's that?
And he's like, I don't know.
He didn't, no idea what pineapple is because he's fucked.
He's like, man.
Oh shit.
That, that's the most important fruit in the world.
So the whole family is involved in disposing of her body.
I think they covered it up, right?
The, the brother killed her by mistake.
It kind of emerges as a, as a, I'm not going to say an uplifting story, but it kind of,
like, when you look back on it, you go like, I think what we're about to do is one of the
greatest improv reenactments of all time.
No.
It's a story.
It's a story that must be told.
I don't know.
It goes to JonBent Ramsey.
He's like, no, please.
I know.
I can't.
Good can come with that.
I think we'll all wake up with cancer.
Like, like, that makes us all worse than everyone.
But they did in this show, this CBS show that they did this two part.
And one of the things they did is they, they're demonstrating like the, how the wound was
made and they have, like everybody agrees that the low point of this thing was they put
a, they put a blonde wig on a pig head.
Like the Mythbusters.
And had a child actor boy that was the right age come in, hold the flash money.
No.
And the, our friends Karen Kilgariff from Georgia from, from my favorite murder are describing
that and they're like, they're like, yeah, he's a child actor.
So he's already somewhere else.
And the look at, and he's such a good boy, child actor, clubbing a pig head in a wig
with a mag light to demonstrate how it would have been.
I can't wait to see his one man show.
It's going to be great.
Yeah.
That sounds like the role of a lifetime.
The show is called a papaladay.
Okay.
Well, how about this pen apple thing, huh?
This, that crazy guy doing that dance.
You guys familiar with that viral thing?
I saw it and I was like, you know what?
Some things I don't need to click on.
So I didn't click on it.
What it is.
If you clicked on it, it would go like this.
I have an apple.
I have a pen.
I got an apple pen.
I got a pen.
I got a pineapple.
It's totally coincidence.
I got a pen pineapple.
I don't really know the actual how it goes.
Wait.
But it's very catchy.
Oh, the new Gangnam style or whatever.
Yeah, it's kind of the new Gangnam style.
Gangnam style?
It's kind of the new Gangnam style.
Can you take that again?
It's sort of a bat mitzvah for a Gangnam style.
I think.
I love Canada.
I love Ontario.
I think it's my favorite province.
Yeah?
What is the capital of Canada?
Alberta.
No, Alberta is a province, right?
Calgary is one of the...
Toronto is the most populous city in all of Canada.
Okay, that's a good Toronto fact.
It has a hockey museum.
No shit.
And a CN tower.
Oh yeah, you can walk up above.
And it's...
That was a call back to my show.
That's how many people are here from the...
These guys have been here all night.
So many people stayed here.
Well, we wanted to write by them.
We wanted to send them home.
You should freestyle and that will be it.
How about a really fast D&D?
Spencer, could you freestyle?
Just for you guys.
We only have like...
We have to be done in four minutes.
That sounds like a lot of fun.
Before we jump on the plane, Jeff,
I gave you the character sheets, right?
Hand them out.
Here they are.
Spencer, take us to the dungeon.
You find yourself outside of a waffle iron.
That's it.
Should we go in?
I use trap sense on the waffle iron hinges.
It's a waffle iron.
What did you find out?
Waffle iron seems safe.
Let's go inside the waffle iron.
What a waffle.
Is it open?
It opens.
We open it.
Are we bigger than it?
It's a waffle iron.
I thought waffle iron was maybe a chain of restaurants here.
That's what I thought, too.
I was thinking waffle house.
My character is a third level IT engineer.
It opens the waffle iron and says,
guys, look.
The Teflon scratched.
That's fucked up.
That can make you sick.
I'm a hypochondriac, fourth level.
Fourth level hypochondriac?
Is that true? Scratched Teflon?
Yeah, it can give you the flu.
The stakes are so low for this D&D adventure.
I'm a 14th level mage,
and I cast a heel of feet of cold strava fever
on Emily's character.
I don't think it worked.
I don't think it took.
It didn't work.
I'm a level 7 vegan.
Oh, my God.
Have you been a vegan girlfriend?
I have a recipe where we can make a waffle
that won't like rape any animals.
Is there...
I look around the waffle iron.
Is there more stuff here?
There's a counter.
Oh, you're in a kitchen.
Did I say that?
Oh.
Okay, you're in a kitchen.
You're outside of a waffle iron.
Is there an Elmira anywhere around?
It's a strange way to put it.
It makes it sound like the waffle iron is a destination.
No argument.
That's absolutely the case.
I look around for the nearest Elmira.
Say again?
The nearest Elmira.
That's a Pakistani cupboard.
You open it.
There's canned food.
Guys, there's cans and food in here.
Is there anything to make waffle batter?
Oh, yeah.
There's a box of Bisquick.
It's in a can.
And I think you only need water to mix with Bisquick.
Does that have animal parts?
Bisquick?
I hope not.
I don't think so.
I examine the ingredients.
Is it vegan?
I use detect non-vegan products.
It's non-vegan.
Also, that's the ingredient salsa says that.
I do a 20-minute speech about why veganism is important.
I explain my gluten allergy.
I take a picture of Kumail's character while he's doing the 20-minute thing,
and I upload it with the sunrise filter.
Ooh, pretty.
You get 26 likes.
Damn it, Spencer.
You're the best person.
You get four comments, but they're all the comments where they're just
at replying some fucking random person.
So I see if I can figure out who the patient zero of this comment thread is.
It's patient underscore zero.
What is that person's comment that's tipping off this controversy?
At patient underscore one.
Is one spelled out, or is it the number one?
It's the word one.
Okay.
Wait, that's their comment?
They just...
Yeah, they're at replying.
They want to bring the French in like a...
Yeah, check out this asshole talking about being a vegan.
Oh, this sucks.
All right.
Are we making waffles or not, you guys?
I closed that app.
Yeah.
I see, is there a new update for my Apple Watch?
No.
Okay.
I've finished my speech about veganism.
Again.
Everyone is convinced of the power of your words.
I take out my staff of golden rage.
We're just a weapon I just made up.
Yeah.
And I strike the waffle iron.
It goes into a rage.
The waffle iron does?
Yeah.
That's what it does.
Oh, no.
Wait, does my staff of golden rage give rage to other things?
Golden rage, yeah.
Like golden.
All right.
Let's hear it for Emily Gordon, Kumail Nanjiani.
Jeff from the Antacid Department.
Anya from Vegan Go Friend.
Mennonites everywhere.
Colin and Lauren, we wish you muscle tough.
I'm Jeff Davis.
It's here for your mayor, Dan Hyman, everybody.
Thank you so much for just for laughs.
Everybody here at the Queen Elizabeth Theater.
Extrusion stage management.
We love you, drive fast.
Take chances, all.
Tirada!
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show!